"... A path with no known destination stretches out before me...
Where is this place?
Who am I?
.....
As darkness envelops my body, I open my eyes to wakefulness.
My vision gradually becomes clearer.
My heavy body slowly feels lighter.
The first thing I do after standing on the dark path is to gaze at my arms, legs, and body.
I: This is....
My voice is unusually hoarse.
But what's more strange is that my body is just emptiness.
I: ...Why...?
My words are incomplete.
Even though my senses tell me that my body is real, that my arms and legs are moving as I command, when I gaze at where my body should be, I see only air.
My body...?
...Am I a ghost?
Or have I never had a body to begin with?
I try to remember why I am here, but no matter how hard I try, I can't recall.
This place is unfamiliar to me.
It's dark, cold, and eerily empty.
I: ...
The only source of light is the moonlight streaming through a large window.
The large silver moon seems to be watching me from above.
.....
I look down at my empty body and ask myself.
Not only is my body gone, but my memories inside are empty as well.
I: ...Who am I?
.....
???: No one has been here for a long time.
I: Whose voice is that?
???: Look down.
I curiously look down as the mysterious voice suggested.
The owner of the sharp little voice next to me is as small as two human palms.
I: ...A cat?
I exclaim in surprise as I've never seen a talking animal before.
The orange-striped cat squints at me as if slightly displeased.
Cat: I'm not a cat, but a guide.
I: A guide?
The orange-striped cat with big round eyes looks at me in surprise.
Even though cats shouldn't be able to express emotions clearly, this one seems to emote like a human.
Cat: It seems you don't know anything.
I: Me?
I speak, puzzled.
When asked that question, I try to think of something about myself to answer.
I: ...Ugh!!
As soon as I try to remember something, a painful torment spreads throughout my non-existent body, resisting my own will.
I: ...What is this...?
Cat: You better not force it.
I: Force?
Cat: Right now, you can't remember who you are.
I: ...
Cat: If you want answers about who you are and why you are here, there's only one choice.

I: A choice?

Cat: Follow me.
